taskName: new tasks
dateDay: -1
dateMonth: -1
dateYear: -1
dateHour: -1
dateMinute: -1
duration: 0
location: at thislocation
notifyTime: 0
isNotified: false
taskStatus: TASK_DEFAULT
taskType: floating
isMarkedDone: false
firstDayOfWeek: Sunday
timeZoneID: Asia/Singapore
isDayLightTimeOn: false
 
taskName: new tasks
dateDay: -1
dateMonth: -1
dateYear: -1
dateHour: -1
dateMinute: -1
duration: 0
location: at thislocation
notifyTime: 0
isNotified: false
taskStatus: TASK_DEFAULT
taskType: floating
isMarkedDone: false
firstDayOfWeek: Sunday
timeZoneID: Asia/Singapore
isDayLightTimeOn: false
 
taskName: new tasks
dateDay: -1
dateMonth: -1
dateYear: -1
dateHour: -1
dateMinute: -1
duration: 0
location: at thislocation
notifyTime: 0
isNotified: false
taskStatus: TASK_DEFAULT
taskType: floating
isMarkedDone: false
firstDayOfWeek: Sunday
timeZoneID: Asia/Singapore
isDayLightTimeOn: false
 
taskName: new tasks
dateDay: -1
dateMonth: -1
dateYear: -1
dateHour: -1
dateMinute: -1
duration: 0
location: at thislocation
notifyTime: 0
isNotified: false
taskStatus: TASK_DEFAULT
taskType: floating
isMarkedDone: false
firstDayOfWeek: Sunday
timeZoneID: Asia/Singapore
isDayLightTimeOn: false
 
taskName: anther task
dateDay: -1
dateMonth: -1
dateYear: -1
dateHour: -1
dateMinute: -1
duration: 0
location: at anotherlocation
notifyTime: 0
isNotified: false
taskStatus: TASK_DEFAULT
taskType: floating
isMarkedDone: false
firstDayOfWeek: Sunday
timeZoneID: Asia/Singapore
isDayLightTimeOn: false
 
